TiledMLP support for FSDP2 (#2950)
OpenAccess-AI-Collective/axolotl: README.md

## 🎉 Latest Updates

> - 2025/07: TiledMLP support for single-GPU to multi-GPU training with DDP, DeepSpeed and FSDP support has been added to support Arctic Long Sequence Training. (ALST). See [examples](https://github.com/axolotl-ai-cloud/axolotl/tree/main/examples/alst) for using ALST with Axolotl!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- 2025/07: [Arctic Long Sequence Training](https://arxiv.org/abs/2506.13996) (ALST) has been integrated into Axolotl! Compose TiledMLP seamlessly with single-GPU training, and distributed training techniques such as DDP, DeepSpeed, and FSDP. Check out the [examples](https://github.com/axolotl-ai-cloud/axolotl/tree/main/examples/alst) to learn how to use ALST with Axolotl!
```
